what can we do with a tablet sounds
let's surf the internet with
state are vox here we have the tablet
on we're going to unlock the
we arrive we run the padlock and we go to
connect to the wifi to navigate in that
case the flynn also has the
sim card system so they can navigate
but here we are going to do it with wifi
we put to configurations
I did not know in the settings icon
settings
we go where it says wifi
here where it says wifi is going to appear a
icon where it says no then we give it
by shooting or arrow to the right and you
we give to activate
ready here we are going to appear some networks
of different wifi and we will place the
our that is dotcom network
okay
after we introduce the
password you automatically give
connect and here we can see what it says
connection to established successful connection
we go back with the icon here there are three
icons the first icon is where you're going to
show all applications and all
the applications that you are using
then to eliminate them
the second is the one in the house for you
enter directly to the screen
home and here we live the browser where
we can click on where we can
now we can see that I enter a page
wikileaks website called dotcom
let's go to google we give here
in the address we give you delete and
we give football dotcom www
point here already appears
predetermined networks so that
be a little easier
we click and automatically we
enter google
in the browser we can search
we can search everything you
they want and we can also navigate
directly from the address and
we can enter any web page
no need to give configurations
from handsome to the configuration of the web you
will enter like a laptop
practically and it will give you the same
the same icons and the same
display